VRRRRM-VRRRRRRRRRRRM-VRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRM

An ever irritating alarm brings me back to the world of the living. 

VRRRRRRRRRRRRRMMMMMMM-VRMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM-Click.

I silence my alarm, getting out of bed and stretching with a yawn. I rub my eyes, before slipping out of bed and into my sliders, shuffling my way across the floor. I feel my way along my bedroom wall in the darkness, making my way to the bathroom.
It appears dream me had been guzzling water, as I desperately needed to pee the moment I woke up. I make my way out of my room to the toilet, flicking the light switch on.

NEW CG ADDED HERE, WHITE LIGHT 

 I don't even know why I bothered. It's still dark. It always has been. I shuffle my way over to the toilet, taking my place atop my porcelain throne.

 I am blind. I went blind seven years ago, due to genetic defects that run throughout my family. Now I'm here. Living my daily life as usual, with a bit of help from my neighbours and my beloved dog pipin.
 It's not easy living alone without your sight, but I don't really have anyone who can live with me to help out, and god knows the higher ups aren't looking to. Pipin has done me good thus far, and I have more faith in him than any person could hope for.

But my ranting aside, I should really get set on the first order of the morning... I need to take a shower, but for right now that can wait. My stomach grumbles at me, just as discontented to be awake as I am apparently.
I consider making myself something to eat to start my day, or I could check the news before heading out. Pipin loves his morning walks, and I don't want to get caught in a sudden rainstorm...

Option A: Breakfast
Option B: News

Both options have a CG with a white LED light at the top of the screen and a faint sunlight glow to the left, the TV one has a mix of hazy colors in center screen

(Breakfast Choice)
I head over to my kitchen and hear Pipin's excited paw-steps as he wakes up from his bed in the living room. He gives me a bark to let me know where he's at and I pat him on the head for being the goodest boy.
I hear his feet pitter patter over to the fridge, and I feel for the ridge to open it before feeling around for the long, thin bacon package I keep in the back.
I grab the package, find my way to the air fryer I keep near the sink and fumble for the baking paper I keep next to it, spreading it about and tossing the bacon in. I toss the scraps to Pipin, which I hear him wolf down gleefully.
I pour out some beans into a pan I grabbed from a cupboard and leave it on a simmer, and in just a few minutes I have a delicious breakfast ready for the eating.
I scarf it down giving Pipin the leftovers and continue with my day. 

(News Choice)
I head over to my sofa, feeling for the back edge and moving around to the front, flopping down as Pipin hops up next to me. I reach between the cushions where the remote always seems to be, and turn the TV on with a click. 
"The weather today will be clear and sunny today, with precipitation later into the night." Pipin lets out a happy bark as if he understood that this means that it's prime time for a long walk.
The news plays for an extra twenty or so minutes, with a variety of mundane topics being brought up as per usual. I'm about to turn it off and get ready to leave before something catches my attention.
"An unidentified object has been sighted in the skies of XXXXX-ville recently, with scientists speculating it to be a new type of meteor. Could this be our first sighting of Alie-" Click.
I turn the TV off just as the reporter lady gets into the Aliens rant. I've never been interested in superstition.
My mother was a bit of a fanatic, believing in the occult and acting like it was the be-all end-all for most of my childhood. For me, it just ticks me off. How do people put their faith in this drivel?
I get up from the couch, with a few pats for Pipin's fluffy little head.


After starting the day off strong, I head off to shower before picking out my favourite clothes that I recognise by the silky cloth texture, checking for the feeling of the tag to make sure they're not back to front or inside out.
Dressed and ready for the day, I head over to the front door, grabbing my white cane from a rack I remember to be left of the door.
Pipin, ever loyal brings me my hoop keychain from wherever it was sat beforehand. I hear the jingle and grab it from his mouth, before petting him again as a sign of thanks.
I fumble with my keys and realise that I've forgotten which key unlocks my door...

Key Puzzle

I feel the keys one by one, checking their shapes and sizes as I do so. There are 5 keys, all of various models and makes. 
There's a triangle headed key
A round headed key
A square headed key
A looped key, with a larger rounded head split into three joint circles
And a rusty key, one the landlord gave me for the backyard shed, If I recall.

I remember the front door key has more than one edge, no sharp corners and a smooth feeling when sat in your hand... Now which key was it?

Answer = Looped key

Other keys give dialogue and loop around to the question again

I push the key into the lock confidently, turning it to unlock the door... But it doesn't turn. The key clinks in the keyhole, stopping in place entirely.
I feel a bit embarassed, and though I can't see him I can feel Pipin's dissapointed gaze on my skin.

I push the key into the lock confidently, turning it to unlock the door... The keyhole turns with a click, and I hear the lock disengage, pulling the door handle and feeling the fresh morning breeze on my skin.
Pipin goes and grabs his leash and I put it around his neck, and we head out into the day.
